#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
boto3==1.36.15
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.36.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-database-url==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==5.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-ckeditor-5
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
django-anymail==12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ckeditor-5==0.2.15
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jazzmin==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-yasg==1.21.8
    # via -r requirements.in
environs==14.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   environs
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gunicorn
    #   marshmallow
pillow==11.1.0
    # via django-ckeditor-5
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   environs
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   stripe
s3transfer==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
stripe==11.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   stripe
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   django-anymail
    #   requests
moviepy==1.0.3
    # via manual install